[CQA] Fix feature-centric abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4958)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_pxe-loaders-in-project.adoc

= PXE loaders in {Project}

[role="_abstract"]
A PXE loader defines the `filename` DHCPv4 option to use during provisioning.

> The required files are deployed to TFTP {SmartProxy}.

Reviewer: The original avoids the passive voice. I'd prefer that.

Author: ```suggestion
{Project} deploys the required files to TFTP {SmartProxy}.
```
